Allow continuation-passing style (#10)
collegevine/purescript-elmish-hooks: README.md

    name = uniqueNameFromCurrentCallStack { skipFrames: 2 }
```

### Continuation-Passing Style

> You can use CPS using the `withHook` or `withHookCurried` functions, or their respective operators (`==>` and `=/>`).

Reviewer: I would rather not even mention `withHook` or `withHookCurried`, it might create a false impression that you're supposed to use them. Just mention the operators, and if somebody is really interested, they can always discover the alias target via Pursuit.

Also, I would also add motivation for why you might want to do this.

```suggestion
If you're only using a single hook, sometimes it might be more concise to use CPS via the `==>` or `=/>` operators.
```

Author: Good idea 👍🏻
